CASMTRIAGE-4055 adding doc for using argo workflows (#2401)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/argo/Using_Argo_Workflows.md

# Using Argo Workflows

This page provides information on operating Argo workflows in CSM and describes how Argo workflows behave once starting.

* [Basic behavior](#basic-behavior)
* [Starting a new workflow after a failed workflow](#starting-a-new-workflow-after-a-failed-workflow)

## Basic behavior

* Once a workflow is started, it will proceed through multiple steps in a set order. Most steps depend on previous steps and will wait for its dependencies to finish before starting.
* If any step fails, by default, that step will be continuously retried until it succeeds.
There are two ways to make Argo not continuously retry a failed step.

    1. When initiating a workflow, use the ```--no-retry``` flag.

        (`ncn-m001#`) Example of starting a workflow with ```--no-retry``` flag

        ```bash
        /usr/share/doc/csm/upgrade/scripts/upgrade/ncn-upgrade-worker-storage-nodes.sh ncn-s001 --no-retry
        ```

        > Note: ```--no-retry``` will not work if the ```--force``` flag is also used.

>     1. If a workflow has already started, the current running process can be exited with ```control-c```. The workflow will continue until all steps succeed or a step fails. If a step fails, the workflow will stop and will not retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If a workflow has already started, then the current running process can be exited with ```control-c```. The workflow will continue until all steps succeed or a step fails. If a step fails, then the workflow will stop and will not retry.
```

## Starting a new workflow after a failed workflow

Generally, any workflow that is partially complete has the right of way. A partially complete workflow is any workflow that is currently running or any workflow that has a failed step that prevented it from completing successfully.

> * To start an entirely new workflow of the same type (worker or storage) as a workflow that is partially complete, the ```--force``` flag must be used. This deletes the partially complete workflow, of the same type, and creates a new workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To start an entirely new workflow of the same type (worker or storage) as a workflow that is partially complete, the ```--force``` flag must be used. This deletes the partially complete workflow of the same type, and creates a new workflow.
```

    (`ncn-m001#`) Example of starting a new workflow with ```--force``` flag

    ```bash
    /usr/share/doc/csm/upgrade/scripts/upgrade/ncn-upgrade-worker-storage-nodes.sh ncn-s001 --force
    ```

> * If there is a partially complete workflow and ```--force``` is not used when starting a new workflow of the same type, the initial workflow will be picked up where it left off. No new workflow will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If there is a partially complete workflow and ```--force``` is not used when starting a new workflow of the same type, then the initial workflow will be picked up where it left off. No new workflow will be created.
```
